Psalm 81 to the chief musician on an
instrument of gaffe a psalm of Asaph
singing aloud to God our strength make a
joyful shout to the God of Jacob raise a
song and strike the timbrel the pleasant
harp with the lute
blow the trumpet at the time of the new
moon at the full moon on our solemn
feast day for this is a statute for
Israel a law of the God of Jacob this he
established in Joseph as a testimony
when he went throughout the land of
Egypt where I heard a language I did not
understand I removed his shoulder from
the burden his hands were freed from the
baskets
you called in trouble and I delivered
you I answered you in the secret place
of under I tested you at the waters of
Meribah
here oh my people and I will admonish
you Oh Israel if you will listen to me
there shall be no foreign god among you
nor shall you worship any foreign god I
who brought you out of the land of Egypt
open your mouth wide and I will fill it
but my people would not heed my voice
and Israel would have none of me so I
gave them over to their own stubborn
heart to walk in their own counsels
oh that my people would listen to me
that Israel would walk in my ways I
would soon subdue their enemies and turn
my hand against their adversaries the
haters of the Lord would pretend
submission to him but their fate would
endure forever he would have fed them
also with the finest of wheat and with
honey from the rock I would have
satisfied you
you